docs: update the headless tutorial (#4237)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/tutorial/1-getting-started/headless/3-generate-crud-pages.md

render(<App />);
```

## Adding layout to the pages

> The Inferencer generates pages without any predefined layout, whereas creating a new app with **refine** comes with a default layout that includes basic components such as `Menu` and `Breadcrumb` to navigate between pages. Let's add a layout to our app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though refine has a default layout with basic components such as Menu and Breadcrumb, which is used to navigate between pages, Inferencer doesn't add any layouts to the pages it creates. 
Here is how we can add the default layout in our app:
```

moving this above "previewing the auto generated pages" and adding a "I have added the default layout to my app." to the checklist down below(between the existing two to preserve the order they are in the page) would also be good.

Author: This section has been removed and a new section has been added to the new unit 5.7 instead, can you check it, please?
